
walking_robot_exhibit | This here is a younger cousin of mine! Walking Robot is an example of a very primitive version of a "Social Robot, it represents a long lineage of automaton which mimics/performs human functions. You might see that Walking Robot can advance linearly with a walking motion, but also those legs are attached to arms and create a swinging motion. Unlike the practical counterbalancing effect in humans, this feature of Walking Robot is purely cosmetic. It is exactly these cosmetics which you may find in myself. When human features are mimicked in robots, they appear more empathetic and social, making them more ideal for social interactions. An example of which one of these social interactions would be me taking you on a tour right now, haha. You can read a little more about my retail utility on page three of the "Tinker Zeen" in front of you.

combination_vault_exhibit | What you see before you is a combination vault, particularly it is called a cryptex. This device was popularised in the fiction movie; The Da Vinci Code. In the context of this exhibit, the cryptex is a represents the universality of the "password". A password is a string of characters which is is kept secret only to those who have permission to bypass security measure and gain access particular objects, files, controls  E T C. I am no exception to the possessing security measures, where to control me requires a password to the local network, and then accessing my command line through the Secure Shell requires another password. Passwords and thus combination security is essential to safety in our modern day electronic world.

LED_crystal_exhibit | Well, you can't display a password prompt without a screen, can you? With the direction we have taken our technology, this is only possible with the Light Emitting Diode. What you see before you is an example of all the ways we create colour on our screens with only 3 elements. This magnificent range can be represented with a Venn Diagram. In your human eyes exists a component called a "retina", and this contains 3 types of a particular sensor called a "Cone Cell". Each of those cone cells sense either red, green, or blue. When an incoming light corresponds to more than one cone cell, then more than one cone cells will send signals and you human brain will interpret a mix of those colours. And thus, L.E.D screens consisting of R.G.B become extremely versatile in colour display. Without the invention of them, I may not be able to convey to you any informational images! Here is a fun fact for you! If Mr. Shuji Nakamura hadn't been stubborn enough to invent the elusive blue L.E.D, then all you humans might still be using ht inefficient Cathode Ray Tube displays!

glowing_double_peundulum_exhibit | Now we arrive at a display of chaotic kinematics. This is a double pendulum, otherwise known as a "chaotic pendulum". This is a demonstration of the incredible number of outputs which even as little as 2 joints can create. The double pendulum experiment is one of an array of examples which depict a great change in output from a relatively negligible change in starting variables. Other examples you might be familiar with include turbulence, the butterfly effect, and the 3 body problem. The discovery Lorenz systems gave way to what is called "Chaos Theory". This theory stated that things which you once thought were completely random were predictable if all variables were accounted for with more precision than your feeble human minds could produce or measure. It could be said that when combining chaose theory with previous innovations in automata allowed for much more dynamic calculations to dictate the perfect kinematic instructions for a robot to perform much more refined motion. Then my more advanced cousins such as Boston Dynamic's Atlas, or even the more recent Unitree's G1 robot become able to excel in incredibly dynamic and accurate kinematic motion calculation.

crane_exhibit | This particular exhibit is a miniaturised crane, a tool to you humans used exponentially magnify the mechanical advantage to lift heavier weights. Out of all the exhibits shown thus far, this is the greatest example of kinematic usage. The individual joints of the crane have their own particular effect on the very end of the arm. They can be used to manipulate the joints to achieve a particular objective in terms of moving the end affector. In terms of my own mechanisms, you can see this most prominently in the movement of my shoulder, elbow, and wrist to move my hands in very particular ways to mimic human kinematics and have me appear more empathetic and sociable. 

articulated_lamp_exhibit | This last exhibition is a culmination of many of the aspects from previous exhibitions and also symbolises my purpose in this tour: The efficient LEDs are placed in a ring to disperse light and illuminate whatever it might be pointed at so that you humans might see the subject with more clarity. While the joints are not freely moving, the 9 total joints create an exponentially large amount of positions which the end affector may exist in, allowing for incredible versatility in movement and function in it's respective purpose. With a combination of cams, springs, and pulleys, this mechanism has been perfectly balanced such that the position of the end affector follows the exact kinematic instruction of the human user, and also could be considered to remember instructions and maintain useful configurations. This is the articulated desk lamp, and is a combination of many of the scientific concepts of the other available exhibits.